CRUD Quiz
Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

MVP Questions
In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the Property class?

Ans: console.rb

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby Property object into the database?

Ans: properties.sql

Q3. In console.rb, which lines modify the database?

Ans: lines 4 to 33

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a Property object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

Ans: Because the database is in charge of the id field and allocates id's on an object's first storage.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby Property object?

Ans: On line 32 of property.rb. The id is recovered from the hash returned by the database and assigned to @id

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an if clause) on the @id attribute in the constructor?

Ans: To avoid assigning 0 (zero) as an id if an id is not passed in.

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

Ans: Instance methods are necessary where an individual record is created, updated or deleted and an id is returned by the database. Class methods operate on read operations or 'en-mass' operations such as Delete All.

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to db.exec_prepared()? In the save method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

Ans: Part 1: An array of hashes. Part 2: The id is returned in the first hash of the array i.e. at index 0 with a Key of "id". It is a string object so is converted to int by using the .to_i method.

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

Ans: To protect against SQL injection attacks.

Extension Questions
Look at the find_by_id and find_by_address methods in the Property class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

Ans: An individual attribute.

Q11. What are their return values?

Ans: A property object/instance
